A (PHP-Laravel) Developer wanted! (PHP-Laravel) Urgent
Company: Parallaxlogic Infotech
Location: flat-14E, Confidence center (2nd building), Shajadpur, Gulshan, Dhaka-1212
Vacancy: 2
For: Full-time
Salary Range: 40,000-80,000 depending on experience
Email your Resume to: shamimpdfbd@gmail.com
We offer you:
A skilled team to work with
A possibility to grow within the company
Open and low hierarchy work environment
An easily reached office in central location
Very flexible working hours
What we require
At least 2 (two) years of PHP programming expertise (Laravel framework).
In-depth knowledge of/experience with at least one JavaScript framework (ReactJS,Vue JS, Angular JS).
Prior understanding of work queues, notifications, and observers is required.
Strong understanding of blade helpers and markdowns is required.
Query optimization and raw query expertise are required.
Advanced functions require knowledge of Laravel api and passport.
A thorough familiarity of Laravel's fundamental components is necessary.
Front-end technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap are preferred. Database foundation knowledge and experience. A thorough understanding of SQL and MongoDB is necessary.
Strong understanding of the MVC design pattern and Object-Oriented Programming. Experience with UNIX systems (Ubuntu/ CentOS/ Redhat) is required.
Good to have:
Extensive experience with version control systems (GIT).
Strong understanding of web services in Nginx and Docker Command.
Perks and benefits
2X Festival Bonus
Monthly performance bonus
We have unique perfomance pointing system and we provide bonus whoever scores 90%,no question asked
Flexible leave policy
2 days Weekend, 10 days Casual Leave, 10 days Sick Leave and leave on all public holidays
Social gatherings
Social gatherings and games; hang out with your colleagues.
Free office snacks
Peckish after lunch? We got your back with soft drinks, treats and fruit.
Maternity / paternity leave
Kids are the future, go spend time with them.
Central office
Your local office is your anchor point, thus, we placed it centrally at your convenience.
Paid holiday
Metropolitists, beach boys and mountaineers we salute you and pay you to go and explore the world.
Flexible working hours
Time is precious. Make it count. Morning person or night owl, this job is for you.
Free coffee / tea
Get your caffeine fix to get you started and keep you going.
Near public transit
Easy access and tree hugger friendly workplace.